[SNORING]
THAT'S THE LAST TIME
I MIX CHILI SAUCE
WITH ICE CREAM.
OH, WHOOPS.
THIS ISN'T
THE BATHROOM. HUH?
Kagemaru:
YOU ARE NOT HERE
TO ASK WHY.
YOU ARE HERE TO OBEY.
BUT JADEN IS ONE OF
OUR BEST STUDENTS!
HE COULD BE
BURIED ALIVE!
BURIED?
IF THE TOMB SHALL BE
THE END OF JADEN YUKI,
THEN SO BE IT,
BUT HIS TRUE POTENTIAL
MUST BE TESTED.
[SHUDDERING]
[THINKING]
TESTED? IN A TOMB?
WHERE COULD BE
BURIED ALIVE?
SOMETHING TELLS ME
THIS TEST
ISN'T MIDTERMS!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Banner: SO, AS YOU CAN SEE,
WE CAN LEARN A GREAT DEAL
ABOUT DUELING FROM ALCHEMY.
FOR JUST AS YOU MIGHT
COMBINE TWO MONSTERS
TO CREATE ANOTHER,
YOU CAN COMBINE TWO COMPOUNDS
TO CREATE SOMETHING
EQUALLY IMPRESSIVE!
HMM...
OH!
[GASP]
[COUGHING]
AND EQUALLY DEVASTATING...
UHH!
[BELL CHIMES]
[SNORING]
HMM?
[YAWN]
MORNIN', GUYS!
LEARN ANYTHING
GOOD TODAY?
SURE DID...TO DUCK!
HMM!
OH! I ALMOST FORGOT!
I'M, UH...PLANNING
A LITTLE FIELD TRIP!
GREAT.
TO WHERE?!
CIRCUS,
CARNIVAL?!
EVEN BETTER!
WE'RE TAKING
A 10-MILE HIKE!
ALL THE WAY
TO THE EXCAVATED RUINS,
WHERE WE'LL BE TAKING
GEOLOGIC CORE SAMPLES!
SATURDAY AT 7 A.M.
DON'T BE LATE!
Banner: ONLY 4?!
WHERE IS EVERYONE ELSE?
Syrus: THEY'RE PROBABLY
SLEEPING, PROFESSOR.
YOU KNOW, IN THEIR
NICE, WARM BEDS?
WITH THEIR NICE
COMFY PILLOWS.
Chumley: JUST LIKE
I WOULD BE DOIN'
IF BANNER
DIDN'T THREATEN US
WITH DETENTION
IF WE DIDN'T SHOW!
IT'S 7 A.M.
IN THE MORNING!
I NEED
MY BEAUTY SLEEP!
HMM. I'LL TELL YA
WHAT THE SECRET
TO GETTIN' UP
EARLY IS--
STAYIN' UP
ALL NIGHT LONG!
TO TELL YOU
THE TRUTH,
I COULD HARDLY
SLEEP, EITHER!
THESE RUINS
WE'RE GOING TO
USED TO HOST
THE SHADOW GAMES!
THAT'S SWEET!
MAYBE YOU'LL FIND
SOME CLUES, THEN!
YA KNOW,
ABOUT YOUR BROTHER!
YEAH, THAT'S KIND OF
WHAT I'M HOPING FOR...
NOW WE MUST BE CAREFUL
AS WE APPROACH THE RUINS.
INSIDE IS
AN ANCIENT TOMB!
[THINKING]
A TOMB?!
JADEN, I NEED
TO TALK TO YOU!
BUT I--WHOA!
Syrus: I THINK BANNER
WANTS TO BURY YOU!
HE WAS TALKIN'
ABOUT THAT TOMB,
AND YOU IN IT!
JUST 'CAUSE I FELL
ASLEEP IN CLASS?!
DOES THE SCHOOL BOARD
KNOW 'BOUT THIS?
JADEN, I HEARD HIM
SAY IT LAST NIGHT!
SY, THIS IS
STARTING TO SOUND
LIKE ANOTHER
CHILI SAUCE NIGHTMARE!
OK, EVERYONE. LET'S GO!
DON'T SAY
I DIDN'T WARN YOU...
Chumley:
ARE WE ALMOST THERE?
MY FEET REALLY HURT!!
CAN WE TAKE A BATHROOM
BREAK OR SOMETHIN'?
I HATE CLIMBING!
I HATE CRAWLING!
I HATE HIKING!
ARE WE THERE YET!?
I'M HUNGRY...
Banner:
WELL, CHUMLEY,
I SAW SOME RED BERRIES
A WHILE BACK THAT--
OH, LOOK!
WE'RE FINALLY HERE!
All: OHH...
ISN'T IT JUST AMAZING!
OHH!
THEY LOOK ALL RUINED!
THAT'S CUZ
THEY'RE RUINS.
Banner:
IT'S BEAUTIFUL!
YOU CAN STILL MAKE OUT
THE FADED REMAINS
OF THE OCULUS!
OOH!
AND THE FASTIGIUM!
NO DOUBT INSPIRED BY
AMENEMHET OF SAQQARAH!
HE SURE SEEMS
EXCITED TO SEE
SOME ROCKS.
YEAH, WELL I'M EXCITED
TO SIT DOWN.
YEAH, AND WHILE
WE'RE AT IT,
HOW ABOUT...
WE CHOW DOWN!
I DON'T SEE WHY NOT...
AND THEN...WE'LL HIT
A FEW CENOTAPHS,
SOME CARYATIDS,
A COUPLE SARCOPHAGUSES.
OR IS IT SARCOPHAGI?
HMM...NO MATTER.
TIME TO EAT.
I JUST LOVE PIZZA!
HUH?
YOU GET PIZZA WHILE
WE'RE STUCK WITH...
WHATEVER IT IS
I'M HOLDING?!
I'M YOUR TEACHER!
I NEED A BIG MEAL
TO, UH, TEACH YOU ALL.
HMM!
HMM, THAT'S FUNNY.
I DON'T REMEMBER
A FUR TOPPING
ON MY PIZZA.
[MEOW]
[PURRING]
YOU WERE SUPPOSED
TO STAY AT HOME,
NOT HITCH A RIDE
AND EAT MY LUNCH!
OHH...
MAYBE YOU COULD
SHARE YOUR LUNCH
WITH ME?
SORRY, WE'RE YOUR STUDENTS.
WE NEED THESE TO LEARN!
HMM!
Chumley: YEAH,
LIKE LEARN YOU
WEREN'T GONNA SHARE!
Banner: BUT OF COURSE
I WAS GOING TO SHARE...
Alexis:
SHARE WHAT?
PEPPERONI BREATH
ALL DAY?
LOOK, I HAVE MINTS!
WOULD ANYONE LIKE A MINT?
SEE? I'M SHARING!
[SCREECHING]
[GASP]
Jaden:
WHAT'S GOING ON?
Syrus:
WHAT IS THAT?
[GASPING]
Chumley: THAT'S ONE
POWERFUL MINT!
IS ANYONE ELSE...
SEEING IN
TRIPLICATE?
Chumley: THIS IS THE MOST
LICIOUS FIELD TRIP EVER!
OH, WOW...
THAT'S NEATO...
[SQUEAKING]
WHAT WAS THAT?
WE SHOULD RUN?!
[SQUEAKING]
OHH...
BUT IT LOOKS
SO COOOOL...
QUICK, CHILDREN,
HEAD FOR COVER!
[THUNDER]
WE'LL FIND SAFETY
OVER IN THAT SEPULCHER!
All: THE WHAT?!
THE THING
WITH A HOLE IN IT!
OHHHHHHH.
COME ON!
YOU MUST HURRY!
JADEN!
YOU GUYS STAY IN THERE!
I'LL LEAD THIS STORM AWAY!
JADEN!
WHERE'S HE GOIN'?!
HE'S GOING NUTS!
UHH!
HUH?
WHOA.
THINK I TOOK
A WRONG TURN...
[SQUEAKING]
YEAH, WE'RE NOT IN
KANSAS ANYMORE, KURIBOH.
HMM?
HEY, WHAT'S THAT?!
IT'S THE ENTRANCE
TO THE RUINS,
BUT IT'S NOT...RUINED.
I'M IN SOME WICKED
CRAZY DREAM, KURIBOH!
TOO BAD YOU CAN'T
JUST PINCH MY CHEEK
SO I CAN WAKE UP, HUH?
[SQUEAKING]
Jaden: OW! WHADAYA,
SHARPEN THOSE?!
HOW 'BOUT A MANICURE
ONCE IN A WHILE?!
BY THE WAY, KURIBOH...
SINCE WHEN...
CAN I...FEEL YOU?!
WHOA, THIS IS A FIRST!
AHEM!
THIS IS SACRED GROUND.
YOU MUST LEAVE HERE
IMMEDIATELY.
YOU ARE IN
VERY GRAVE DANGER.
WOW. WHAT DORM
ARE THOSE CLOTHES FROM?
I WANNA JOIN!
[SQUEAKING]
HEY!
QUIET! OR DO YOU
WISH TO SHARE
THE OTHERS' FATE?
WHAT OTHERS?!
SHH!
HUH?
THEY DRESS WEIRDER
THAN DR. CROWLER!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON HERE?!
I SPEAK OF
THE STRANGERS WHO
SHARE YOUR DRESS.
THEY HAVE
BEEN TAKEN
BY THE GRAVEKEEPER
CHIEF
AND WILL BE PUNISHED
FOR ENTERING HIS
MOST SACRED TOMB.
PUNISHED?!
NO WAY, NOT ON MY
WATCH THEY WON'T, LADY!
TAKE ME TO 'EM
RIGHT NOW!
HMM.
SO BE IT.
YOU WERE WARNED.
TELL ME, STRANGER,
BY WHICH MEANS
DID YOU ARRIVE HERE?
UH, THE NAME'S JADEN.
AND I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE HERE IS!
BUT I BET IT'S SOMEPLACE
YOU COULD GET A GREAT TAN!
YOU WILL WAIT HERE.
NO, I WON'T!
I WANNA SEE MY FRIENDS!
I WILL FIND THEM.
BELIEVE ME,
IF YOU'RE FOUND
WALKING ABOUT,
YOU WILL BE
OF NO USE TO THEM.
I'LL BE BACK.
FINE.
HMM.
[SQUEAKING]
WHAT'S TAKING
SO LONG?
IS SHE EVER
GONNA COME BACK?!
WAIT A SEC!
WHAT IF SHE'S WORKIN'
WITH THIS GRAVEKEEPER?!
THAT WOULD MEAN
WE'RE ALL IN BIG TROUBLE!
Alexis: SOMEONE! HELP US!
HUH?!
ALEXIS?!
IS THAT YOU?
HUH?
[SHUDDERING]
OH, NO...HUH?
GET DOWN!
MOVE TOWARDS
THE SHARP OBJECT?
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN'.
NOW.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
YOU EVER HEAR
OF A HANDSHAKE?!
AAH!
I GUESS NOT...
OH, WHERE'S MY MANNERS?
INTRODUCTIONS FIRST.
I'M JADEN YUKI!
[SHUDDERING]
AND YOUR NAME WOULD BE...
I'M THE GRAVEKEEPER
CHIEF,
AND YOU HAVE
TRAVERSED UPON
THE SACRED TOMB
THAT I PROTECT.
HEY, SOUNDS GOOD
TO ME, PAL!
SO HOW ABOUT I JUST GO
AND GRAB MY FRIENDS
DOWNSTAIRS...
WE'LL SAY OUR GOOD-BYES
TO YOU...
THEN ZIP BACK
TO THE DIMENSION
WE CAME FROM...
THAT IS
NOT POSSIBLE.
BUT WHY NOT?!
BECAUSE, FOOL,
YOU HAVE TREAD
UPON MY DOMAIN.
AND YOU
WILL BE PUNISHED,
ALONG WITH
YOUR FRIENDS.
COME ON!
CAN'T WE JUST PAY
A FINE OR SOMETHING?!
YOU CANNOT.
OH, YEAH?
THEN YOU CAN'T POINT
YOUR SPEARS AT ME!
[SHUDDERING]
YOU SHOW SOME
SPIRIT, STRANGER.
I SHALL PARDON
YOUR TRESPASSES...
GIVEN YOU CAN SURVIVE
MY CHALLENGE.
WHAT IS YOUR ANSWER?
WELL,
WHAT'S THE CHALLENGE?
A DUEL?!
NOW YOU'RE SPEAKIN'
MY LANGUAGE!
YOU'RE ON!
BUT ONLY IF YOU PARDON
ALL OF MY FRIENDS
ALONG WITH ME, DEAL?!
SO BE IT, IF YOU WIN.
HA. FOR MY FRIENDS?
THERE'S NO "IF"
ABOUT IT, PAL!
I'LL WIN.
BUT IF YOU DON'T...
YOU WILL BE PUNISHED,
YOU WILL BE
BURIED ALIVE!
AAH! BURIED ALIVE?!
BUT THEN WHO WILL SAVE
MY FRIENDS?!
FEAR NOT...THEY WILL BE
BURIED ALONG WITH YOU!
HA HA HA!
Banner: GOOD LUCK, JADEN,
WE'RE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU.
VERY, VERY MUCH SO.
JADEN!
COME ON, JADEN,
SAVE US!
DON'T WORRY!
YOU'LL ALL BE FINE!
AS LONG AS I BEAT
THIS GUY...HMM.
ALL RIGHT!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
GET MY GAME ON?
WHAT DO YOU SPEAK OF?
SHEESH.
IT'S A FIGURE
A' SPEECH!
YA KNOW, LIKE SLANG?
IT'S LIKE SLANG?!
HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO ME
WITH THE ROTTEN TONGUE
OF A FILTHY SERPENT.
I PLAY A CARD FACEDOWN
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THUS ENDING MY TURN.
AND STARTIN' MINE! HA!
[SQUEAKING]
HEY, WINGED KURIBOH!
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YA, BUD!
NOW WATCH THIS!
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND HE'S GOT SOME POP!
CUZ IF I SUMMON HIM
WHEN THERE'S NOTHIN' ELSE OUT,
THEN...I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS FROM MY DECK!
SWEETNESS!
[SQUEAKING]
[THINKING]
I HEAR YA!
WITH THESE TWO WAITIN'
IN THE WINGS,
IT'S JUST A MATTER
'A TIME BEFORE
THE WINGMAN SHOWS UP!
ALL RIGHT...
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
HUH...
GRAVEKEEPER'S
SPEAR SOLDIER!
I HOPE YOUR BUBBLEMAN'S
DRAW PROVIDED YOU
WITH TWO
VERY GOOD CARDS
BECAUSE ALREADY
HE'S OUTMATCHED IN BATTLE.
AND HE IS SOON TO BE
OUTNUMBERED, AS WELL!
UH-OH...
I NOW SUMMON...
IN ATTACK MODE...
GRAVEKEEPER'S GUARD!
AND HIS EFFECT LETS ME
RETURN A MONSTER
THAT'S OUT
TO ITS OWNER'S HAND.
AND THE MONSTER
I CHOOSE...
IS BUBBLEMAN!
OOOOOOH, RED!
THAT'S NOT
A GOOD THING, CHUM!
UHH!
HE'S BACK?
AND NOW THAT YOU
ARE UNGUARDED, JADEN...
I'LL ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
GRAVEKEEPER'S GUARD!
BLAZING BLADE STRIKE!
UHH!
I FELT THAT!
THIS IS REAL!
[SQUEAKING]
[MEOW]
HELLO!
NO JOKE IT'S REAL!
[GASPING]
AND NOW, GRAVEKEEPER'S
SPEAR SOLDIER,
WAGE YOUR ATTACK!
LUNGING SPEAR ASSAULT!
AAH!
UHH!
[GROANING]
[SQUEAKING]
OK...I THINK
THAT I'M GETTIN' IT NOW.
THIS DUEL ISN'T
JUST ABOUT LIFE POINTS,
IT'S ABOUT MY LIFE!
Gravekeeper Chief:
YES...AND THEIRS!
[SHUDDERING]
I'M CLAUSTROPHOBIC!
FOR REAL!
YEAH, SO AM I!
IF IT'LL GET ME
OUTTA HERE!
IT'S MY TURN!
HA!
HMM. AND I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD...
POLYMERIZATION!
AVIAN AND BURSTINATRIX
COMBINE TO CREATE...
THE FLAME WINGMAN!
HUH?
SO DID BUBBLEMAN
GIVE ME TWO
VERY GOOD CARDS?!
WELL,
SEE FOR YOURSELF!
BECAUSE...
FROM BOTH OF THEM...
CAME HIM!
AND THIS NEXT ATTACK!
UHH!
DON'T EVEN THINK YOU'RE
OUTTA THE FIRE YET!
CUZ FOR EVERY
ATTACK POINT
SPEAR SOLDIER HAD...
YOU NOW TAKE DAMAGE FOR!
UHH!
NEXT, I'M GONNA SUMMON
ON UP WROUGHTWEILER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THAT'LL DO IT.
NICE JOB,
JADEN!
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
IF WE'RE GOING
TO MAKE IT THROUGH
THIS THING, SY...
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
HE CAN PLAY!
BECAUSE IF HE MAKES
EVEN A COUPLE
MORE MISTAKES,
WE'RE THROUGH!
Jaden: ALL RIGHT!
MAKE YOUR MOVE!
CUZ THE QUICKER
I CAN WIN THIS THING,
THE QUICKER I CAN
GET MY FRIENDS BACK!
OR THE QUICKER
THEY'LL BE SENT
TO THEIR DOOM!
HA!
I CHANGE MY GRAVEKEEPER'S
GUARD TO DEFENSE MODE.
AND THEN I'LL PLACE
A FACEDOWN MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
AS WELL!
GUESS YOU DON'T KNOW
RULE NUMBER ONE
IN DUEL MONSTERS!
HA! A GOOD DEFENSE
IS A SWEET OFFENSE!
AND WHO BETTER
TO TEACH YOU THE RULES
THAN FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW! HERE GOES!
ATTACK!
[ROARING]
INFERNAL RAGE!
AAH!
UHH!
OH, YEAH!
HA!
I ACTIVATE...
POT OF GREED!
NOW I CAN DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK!
I SHALL SUMMON
GRAVEKEEPER'S ASSAILANT
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND SHE WILL BE JOINED
BY THE MYSTICISM
OF GRAVEKEEPER'S CURSE!
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
THE EFFECT OF
GRAVEKEEPER'S CURSE!
AN EFFECT THAT
WILL DELIVER TO YOU
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
THAT SOUND...UHH!
IT'S WORSE'N
CHUM'S SNOR'N!
Banner:
IT'S A GOOD THING
I HAVE THOSE MINTS.
UHH!
YOU GOTTA DO BETTER
THAN THAT!
VERY WELL, THEN!
PERHAPS THIS CARD
WILL SUFFICE!
I CAST...NECROVALLEY!
UH...NOT GOOD!
AS LONG AS THIS CARD
REMAINS ON THE FIELD...
THE POWER
OF THE NECROVALLEY
WILL ADD 500 ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
TO MY GRAVEKEEPERS!
WHAT?!
GRAVEKEEPER'S ASSAILANT,
ATTACK FLAME WINGMAN!
WHAT, YOU GOT SAND IN
YOUR EYES OR SOMETHIN'?!
CAN'T YA SEE WINGMAN
STILL HAS MORE POINTS?!
UNLESS YOU GOT
SOME SORTAAAAAAA...
SPECIAL ABILITY?
YES, THE ASSAILANT DOES,
ACTUALLY.
AND IT ALLOWS HER
TO CHANGE THE BATTLE MODE
OF YOUR WINGMAN
FROM ATTACK TO DEFENSE!
OH, MAN!
BOY,
YOU CAN REALLY DUEL!
THE BEST HAS YET
TO COME!!
ATTACK HIM!
OH!
Assailant: HA!
UHH!
AND NOW,
MY GRAVEKEEPER'S CURSE
WILL DESTROY THAT CUR!
TAKE HIM DOWN!
UHH! WHOOPSIE,
FORGET HIS
SPECIAL EFFECT?
WHEN HE'S DESTROYED,
I GET TWO CARDS BACK
FROM THE GRAVE--
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
AND POLYMERIZATION!
YOU HAVE THE WISDOM
OF DIRT.
NECROVALLEY
NEGATES THAT EFFECT!
HUH?!
ANY SPELL, TRAP,
OR MONSTER EFFECT
INVOLVING THE GRAVEYARD...
IS COMPLETELY USELESS!
JUST AS YOU HAVE PROVEN
TO BE IN YOUR ATTEMPTS
TO RESCUE
YOUR FRIENDS!
DON'T YOU SEE?
BOTH YOU AND YOUR CARDS
ARE FUTILE HERE!
UHH!
NO, I REFUSE
TO BELIEVE IT!
I KNOW JADEN
CAN FIND A WAY!
I HOPE!
OH, NO. IT'S NO USE.
WE'RE DONE FOR!
THAT'S NOT TRUE,
PROFESSOR BANNER.
JAY'S STILL WINNING!
JUST LOOK
AT THE LIFE POINTS!
FORGET THE LIFE POINTS,
LOOK AT THE FIELD!
JADEN HAS
NO MONSTERS OUT!
AND THE GRAVEKEEPER'S
CHIEF HAS TWO!
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
WE SET OUT LOOKIN'
FOR RUINS...
AND SUDDENLY WE'RE
ABOUT TO BECOME SOME!
THIS IS NO JOKE...
IF I DON'T
GET MY GAME ON...
WE'RE ALL
GONNA BE LONG GONE!
HEH HEH HEH.
HA HA HA HA!